feat: add `ndarray/flatten` (#8021)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/ndarray/flatten/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# flatten

> Return a flattened copy of an input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var flatten = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/flatten' );
```

> #### flatten( x, depth )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### flatten( x\[, depth] )
```

This is a top-level package. We should default to flattening to a one-dimensional ndarray. This applies here and everywhere.

Reviewer: i.e., by default `depth` should be `infinity`.

> #### flatten( x, depth )

Reviewer: Also, similar to NumPy (ref: https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.ravel.html#numpy-ravel), we should support specifying a "read" order.

```
flatten( x[, opts] )
```

with options

- **depth**: default infinity.
- **order**: read order. If `row-major`, always flatten an input array in lexicographic order. If `column-major`, always flatten in colexicographic order. If `same`, flatten in the order of the input array (i.e., equivalent to `order = getOrder( x )`). If `any`, flatten in colexicographic order if input array **data** is column-major contiguous; otherwise, flatten in lexicographic order (i.e., flatten according to how the data is arranged in memory, which may not correspond to the stated array order).

Reviewer: Additional references:

- Order options: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/ndarray/array
- "colexicographic" terminology: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/array/base/flatten

Returns a flattened copy of an input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

```javascript
var array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/array' );
var ndarray2array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/to-array' );

// Create an input ndarray:
var x = array( [ [ [ 1.0, 2.0 ] ], [ [ 3.0, 4.0 ] ], [ [ 5.0, 6.0 ] ] ] );
// returns <ndarray>

var y = flatten( x, 2 );
// returns <ndarray>

var arr = ndarray2array( y );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ]
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

> -   **depth**: a non-negative integer specifying the number of input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] dimensions to flatten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **depth**: a nonnegative integer specifying the number of input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] dimensions to flatten.
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   The provided input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] **must** have more than one-dimension.

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct. Flattening a one-dimensional ndarray should be a no-op, but, as we are always returning a new array, providing a one-dimensional array should just be a straightforward copy.

Reviewer: The more interesting question is whether we should support zero-dimensional ndarrays. I suggest seeing what NumPy allows.

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# flatten

> Return a flattened copy of an input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var flatten = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/flatten' );
```

#### flatten( x\[, options] )

Returns a flattened copy of an input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

```javascript
var array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/array' );
var ndarray2array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/to-array' );

// Create an input ndarray:
var x = array( [ [ [ 1.0, 2.0 ] ], [ [ 3.0, 4.0 ] ], [ [ 5.0, 6.0 ] ] ] );
// returns <ndarray>

var y = flatten( x );
// returns <ndarray>

var arr = ndarray2array( y );
// returns [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ]
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
-   **options**: function options (_optional_).

The function accepts the following options:

-   **depth**: a nonnegative integer specifying the number of input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] dimensions to flatten.

> -   **order**: order of the output [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. The option may be one of the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **order**: order of the output [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. May be one of the following:
```

    -   `'row-major'`: the input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is flattened in lexicographic [order][@stdlib/ndarray/orders].
    -   `'column-major'`: the input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is flattened in colexicographic [order][@stdlib/ndarray/orders].
    -   `'any'`: the input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is flattened in colexicographic [order][@stdlib/ndarray/orders] if the input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is column-major; otherwise, it is flattened in lexicographic [order][@stdlib/ndarray/orders].
    -   `'same'`: the input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is flattened in the [order][@stdlib/ndarray/orders] of the input [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

> By default, all the dimensinos of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] are flattened. To flatten upto to a specific `depth`, specify the `depth` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all the dimensions of the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] are flattened. To flatten to a desired depth, specify the `depth` option.
```
